A boy is 10 years older than his brother. In 4 years he will be twice as old as his brother. Find the present age of each.
A father is 4 times as old as his son. In 20 years the father will be twice as old as his son. Find the present age of each.
Pat is 20 years older than his son James. In two years Pat will be twice as old as James. How old are they now?
Diane is 23 years older than her daughter Amy. In 6 years Diane will be twice as old as Amy. How old are they now?
Fred is 4 years older than Barney. Five years ago the sum of their ages was 48. How old are they now?
John is four times as old as Martha. Five years ago the sum of their ages was 50. How old are they now?
Tim is 5 years older than JoAnn. Six years from now the sum of their ages will be 79. How old are they now?
Jack is twice as old as Lacy. In three years the sum of their ages will be 54. How old are they now?
The sum of the ages of John and Mary is 32. Four years ago, John was twice as old as Mary. Find the present age of each.
The sum of the ages of a father and son is 56. Four years ago the father was 3 times as old as the son. Find the present age of each.
The sum of the ages of a china plate and a glass plate is 16 years. Four years ago the china plate was three times the age of the glass plate. Find the present age of each plate.
The sum of the ages of a wood plaque and a bronze plaque is 20 years. Four years ago, the bronze plaque was one-half the age of the wood plaque. Find the present age of each plaque.
A is now 34 years old, and B is 4 years old. In how many years will A be twice as old as B?
A man's age is 36 and that of his daughter is 3 years. In how many years will the man be 4 times as old as his daughter?
An Oriental rug is 52 years old and a Persian rug is 16 years old. How many years ago was the Oriental rug four times as old as the Persian Rug?
A log cabin quilt is 24 years old and a friendship quilt is 6 years old. In how may years will the log cabin quilt be three times as old as the friendship quilt?
The age of the older of two boys is twice that of the younger; 5 years ago it was three times that of the younger. Find the age of each. 
A pitcher is 30 years old, and a vase is 22 years old. How many years ago was the pitcher twice as old as the vase? 
Marge is twice as old as Consuelo. The sum of their ages seven years ago was 13. How old are they now?
The sum of Jason and Mandy's age is 35. Ten years ago Jason was double Mandy's age. How old are they now?
A silver coin is 28 years older than a bronze coin. In 6 years, the silver coin will be twice as old as the bronze coin. Find the present age of each coin.
A sofa is 12 years old and a table is 36 years old. In how many years will the table be twice as old as the sofa?
A limestone statue is 56 years older than a marble statue. In 12 years, the limestone will be three times as old as the marble statue. Find the present age of the statues.
A pewter bowl is 8 years old, and a silver bowl is 22 years old. In how many years will the silver bowl be twice the age of the pewter bowl?
Brandon is 9 years older than Ronda. In four years the sum of their ages will be 91. How old are they now?
A kerosene lamp is 95 years old, and an electric lamp is 55 years old. How many years ago was the kerosene lamp twice the age of the electric lamp?
A father is three times as old as his son, and his daughter is 3 years younger than the son. If the sum of their ages 3 years ago was 63 years, find the present age of the father.
The sum of Clyde and Wendy's age is 64. In four years, Wendy will be three times as old as Clyde. How old are they now?
The sum of the ages of two ships is 12 years. Two years ago, the age of the older ship was three times the age of the newer ship. Find the present age of each ship.
Chelsea's age is double Daniel's age. Eight years ago the sum of their ages was 32. How old are they now?
Ann is eighteen years older than her son. One year ago, she was three times as old as her son. How old are they now?
The sum of the ages of Kristen and Ben is 32. Four years ago Kristen was twice as old as Ben. How old are they both now? 
A mosaic is 74 years older than the engraving. Thirty years ago, the mosaic was three times as old as the engraving. Find the present age of each.
The sum of the ages of Elli and Dan is 56. Four years ago Elli was 3 times as old as Dan. How old are they now?
A wool tapestry is 32 years older than a linen tapestry. Twenty years ago, the wool tapestry was twice as old as the linen tapestry. Find the present age of each.
Carolyn's age is triple her daughter's age. In eight years the sum of their ages will be 72. How old are they now?
Nicole is 26 years old. Emma is 2 years old. In how many years will Nicole be triple Emma's age?
The sum of the ages of two children is 16 years. Four years ago, the age of the older child was three times the age of the younger child. Find the present age of each child.
Mike is 4 years older than Ron. In two years, the sum of their ages will be 84. How old are they now?
A marble bust is 25 years old, and a terra-cotta bust is 85 years old. In how many years will the terra-cotta bust be three times as old as the marble bust?
Pat is 10 years old. In two years Pat will be twice as old as James. How old is James?
In another 4 years, I will be 5 times as old as I was 8 years ago. How old am I now?
Ajay is 26 years old in 2016. How old will he be in 2020?
The sum of Tom's and Lou's age is 41 and the difference is 31. How old are they?
Mary is four years older than Sue. If the sum of their ages is 16, how old is Mary and Sue?
The sum of a father and son's ages is 45 years. Five years ago, the father was six times as old as his son. Find their present ages.
Eric is ten years younger than Jason. In six years, Jason will be twice as old as Eric. What are their present ages?
Emily is 4 years older than Allison. Eight years ago, she was twice as old. Find their ages now.
Abigail is 6 years older than Jonathan. Six years ago, she was twice as old as he. How old is each now?
Jay's father is twice as old as Jay. In 20 years, Jay will be two-thirds as old as his father. How old is each now?
If you were twice as old as your sister 3 years ago, and you are 5 years older than her, how old are you today?
Alan is 5 years older than Bert. If, in 3 years, Alan's age will be twice Bert's, how old are Alan and Bert now?
Elsa is 7 years younger than Thor. The sum of their ages is 35. How old are they?
When I was born, my father was 41 years old. Eight years ago, he was 3 times as old as I will be in 5 years. How old am I?
Lyn's father is 4 times as old as Lyn. Five years ago, the father was 7 times as old as Lyn. How old is Lyn now?
The difference in age between Brita and her daughter Eva is 30 years old. The sum of their ages is 118. How old is Eva?
Jack is 3 years older than Susan. The sum of their ages is 27. How old are they?
A mother is now 28 years older than her daughter. In 4 years the mother will be 3 times as old as the daughter. How old is the mother now?
Five years ago, Ellen's mother was 7 times as old as Ellen. Five years from now, she will be only 3 times as old as Ellen will be then. How old is Ellen now?
Six years ago, David's mother was 13 times as old as David. Now she is only 4 times as old as David. How old is David now?
Ed is 8 years older than his brother John. Five years ago, Ed was 3 times as old as John. Find their present ages.
In 56 years, Kevin will be 9 times as old as he is right now. How old is he right now?
Michael is 3 times as old as Brandon. 18 years ago, Michael was 9 times as old as Brandon. How old is Michael now?
Ben is 30 years old and Daniel is 2 years old. How many years will it take until Ben is only 3 times as old as Daniel?
Kevin is 3 years older than Daniel. Two years ago, Kevin was 4 times as old as Daniel. How old is Daniel now?
In January of the year 2000, I was one more than eleven times as old as my son William. In January of 2009, I was seven more than three times as old as him. How old was my son in January of 2000?
In three more years, Miguel's grandfather will be six times as old as Miguel was last year. When Miguel's present age is added to his grandfather's present age, the total is 68. How old is each one now?
Al's father is 45. He is 15 years older than twice Al's age. How old is Al?
Karen is twice as old as Lori. Three years from now, the sum of their ages will be 42. How old is Karen?
Five years ago, John's age was half of the age he will be in 8 years. How old is he now?
Ten years from now, Orlando will be three times older than he is today. What is his current age?
Bret is 3 times as old as Laura. In 5 years, Bret will be twice as old as Laura. Find their ages now.
Father is aged three times more than his son Ronit. After 8 years, he would be two and a half times of Ronit's age. After further 8 years, how many times would he be of Ronit's age?
A father said to his son, 'I was as old as you are at the present at the time of your birth'. If the father's age is 38 years now, what was the son's age five years back?
Present ages of Sameer and Anand are in the ratio of 5 : 4 respectively. Three years hence, the ratio of their ages will become 11 : 9 respectively. What is Anand's present age in years?
Six years ago, the ratio of the ages of Kunal and Sagar was 6 : 5. Four years hence, the ratio of their ages will be 11 : 10. What is Sagar's age at present?
The sum of the present ages of a father and his son is 60 years. Six years ago, father's age was five times the age of the son. After 6 years, what will the son's age be?
Sachin is younger than Rahul by 7 years. If their ages are in the respective ratio of 7 : 9, how old is Sachin?
The present ages of three persons in proportions 4 : 7 : 9. Eight years ago, the sum of their ages was 56. Find their present ages (in years).
Ayesha's father was 38 years of age when she was born while her mother was 36 years old when her brother four years younger to her was born. What is the difference between the ages of her parents?
A person's present age is two-fifth of the age of his mother. After 8 years, he will be one-half of the age of his mother. How old is the mother at present?
Phil is Tom's father. Phil is 35 years old. Three years ago, Phil was four times as old as his son was then. How old is Tom now?
Lisa is 16 years younger than Kathy. If the sum of their ages is 30, how old is Lisa?
The present age of Jacob's father is three times that of Jacob. After 5 years, sum of their ages would be 70 years. Find their present ages.
After 15 years, Ariel's age will become four times that of her present age. Find her age.
John's mother's age is 5 years more than the three times of John's present age. Find John's present age, if his mother is 44 years old.
The present ages of Deklerk and Saniya are in the ratio 3:4. Five years from now, the ratio of their ages will be 4:5. Find their present ages.
A father is 26 years older than his daughter. In 4 years the father will be 2 more than 5 times her age. How old is the daughter?
Zack is 4 years older than Nico. 6 years ago, Zack's age was twice Nico's age. How old are they now?
Jan is twice as old as Jake and the sum of their ages is five times Jake's age minus 48. How old are Jan and Jake?
John's age now is twice what it was ten years ago. How old is John now?
Georgia age is ten more than three times what it was 30 years ago. How old will she be in ten years?
Ollie's age in two years will be twice the sum of Evan's age and Evan's age ten years ago. In eighteen years, Ollie will be twice as old as Evan. How old is Ollie?
Joan is 5 years older than Betty was last year. In twenty four years, Betty will be twice as old as Joan is now. What is the sum of their ages?
Freida is four times as old as she was 12 years ago. How old is Frieda?
Wally's age twelve years ago, plus Wally's age last year, is Wally's age next year. How old is Wally?
Karl is twice as old Bob. Nine years ago, Karl was three times as old as Bob. How old is each now?
Ten years ago, Terrence's and Walter's ages added to 53.  Walter is three years older than Terrence. How old is Terrence?
Mark's age now, plus Linus's age in twenty years, is equal to three more than twice Mark's age now. In twenty six years, their ages will add to 99. How old will Mark be in twenty years?
Twelve years ago, Lester was twice as old as Hester. Lester is 21 years older than Hester. What will the sum of their ages be in 5 years?
Bobby is a year younger than Sue, and Lambert is two years older than Sue.  In 12 years, their ages will add to 73. How old will Lambert be next year?
Nat is four years older than he was when he was twice as old as Kat. Nat is seventeen years older than Kat. How old is Nat?
Pete's age ten years ago was two more than twice what his age was 15 years ago. In 10 years, Pete's age and George's ages will add to 71. How old is George now?
Fred is 4 times as old as his niece, Selma. Ten years from now, he will be twice as old as she will be. How old is each now?
An eagle is 4 times as old as a falcon. Three years ago, the eagle was 7 times as old as the falcon. Find the present age of each bird.
Brenda is 4 years older than Walter, and Carol is twice as old as Brenda. Three years ago, the sum of their ages was 35. How old is each now?
Emily is 20 years older than Luis. Emily and Luis first met 3 years ago. Eighteen years ago, Emily was 5 times as old as Luis. How old is Emily now?
William is 18 years older than Ishaan. For the last 3 years, William and Ishaan have been going to the same school. Nineteen years ago, William was 3 times as old as Ishaan. How old is William now?
John is 20 years older than Steve. In 10 years, Steve's age will be half that of John's. What is Steve's age?
Alvin is now 21 years older than his son. In 8 years, he will be twice as old as his son's age. What are their present ages?
The sum of Patrick's age and Marko's age is 58. Eight years ago, Patrick was twice as old as Marko then. How old is Marko?
Aries is twice as old as Rico whereas Jake is 24 years younger than Aries. If half of Aries' age six years ago was three less than one-half the sum of Rico's age in four years and Jake's present age, find the ages of each.
Mrs.Canteno is 40 years old and her eldest daughter is 12. When will the mother be twice as old as her eldest daughter?
Mr. Reyes is 25 years older than his son. How old are the father and the son if Mr. Reyes is 5 more than thrice as old as his son?
Brian is presently four times older than Sam. Six years later, he will be twice as old as Sam. How old are Brian and Sam?
A year ago, John was three times as old as Larry. A year later, he was twice as old as Larry. How old are John and Larry?
Anna who is 6 years old and his father Ben who is 27 years old have the same birthday. In how many years will Ben be twice as old as Anna?
Cary is 9 years older than Dan. In 7 years, the sum of their ages will equal 93.  Find both of their ages now.
Edie is twice as old as Stewart.  Their ages in ten years will add to 59. How old is each now?
The age of father 10 years ago was thrice the age of his son. Ten years hence, father's age will be twice that of his son. What is the ratio of their present ages?
At present, the ratio between the ages of Arun and Deepak is 4 : 3. After 6 years, Arun's age will be 26 years. What is the age of Deepak at present ?
A man is 24 years older than his son. In two years, his age will be twice the age of his son. What is the present age of his son?
A is two years older than B who is twice as old as C. If the total of the ages of A, B and C be 27, the how old is B?
One-half of Heather's age two years from now plus one-third of her age three years ago is twenty years. How old is she now?